it's me again and I will be doing
another review today but before I start
I have to give you some sad news
my father strange go on in the Hornet
rope today and I'm really sad so I went
down to Kmart bought this this is one of
the coolest guns I have ever seen it's
the spider-man venom start tag blast set
you slip it on your wrist and there's a
strap check this out
this gun holds three darts here and you
pull this to fire it's got a pump and
you pump it 15 times and because I
really want to shoot this this is my
assistant and I will be shooting him as
you can see they're not all that fast
but they reach up to 35 feet and here's
the firing mechanism here it is since
you load three in the beginning what
happens is the more you hold down the
I'm not gonna say trigger but the thing
that fires them the more that shoots
look if you just like pull it once it
shoots one and then again it'll shoot
another and again it will shoot a third
or you can pull it down really fast and
it will shoot all three at the same time
another great feature about this gun is
because it's on your wrist
check this out you can hold another gun
and it'll just lakhs over the handle so
you can use another gun perfectly fine
and then if you ever want to use this
just pull the other gun with your hand
and whip this out it's really quite
cliched like let's say you're firing a
magistrate see how fast that is really
nice grip the gun set that this dart
comes with looks like this and it's
usually $30 but I
on sale for 25 so that was cool when you
open it up it comes with a venom one and
a spider-man one plus the colored darts
which you can't buy outside this gun
pack and it comes with six of each and
as you can see on this one I attached a
pod which comes with the gun that holds
the other three but it kind of hurts
your wrist when you wear it like that
so I didn't put it on the venom one it
also comes with two Tiger vests only
front sides but they still look pretty
good even though I would never wear one
and two glass sets so for 30 bucks
you're getting really good guns that
look like pistols and acts like long
shots and they're easy to do a wield so
yeah I don't know about you but I really
like a gun that's small but deadly
because if you're facing somebody that's
never seen one of these before and you
like pulled out and you're aiming I
think I remember they were like huh
what's that gonna do and then you pull
it and they get like completely
overthrown by how powerful this little
tiny gun is it's just a great experience
so that's the end of my review even
though I could say a hundred other great
things about this gun nobody would
finish the video so see you next time